Addresses Issue #1183 (#1252)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/concepts/stores.mdx

### Appending new values

To append values to an array in a store, use the setter function with the spread operator (`...`) or the path syntax. Both methods add an element to the array but differ in how they modify it and their reactivity behavior.

> The spread operator creates a new array by copying existing elements and adding the new element, replacing the entire `store.users` array. This triggers reactivity for all effects tracking the array or its properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The spread operator creates a new array by copying the existing elements and adding the new one, effectively replacing the entire `store.users` array.
This replacement triggers reactivity for all effects that depend on the array or its properties.
```

		loggedIn: false,
	},
])
```

> The path syntax appends the new element by setting it at the index equal to `store.users.length`, modifying the existing array. This triggers reactivity only for effects tracking the new index or properties like `store.users.length`, making it more efficient for targeted updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path syntax adds the new element by assigning it to the index equal to `store.users.length`, directly modifying the existing array.
This triggers reactivity only for effects that depend on the new index or properties like `store.users.length`, making updates more efficient and targeted.
```
